README.md, before:

[![][ButlerImage]][website] 

# About
In a nutshell, Jenkins CI is the leading open-source continuous integration server. Built with Java, it provides over 1000 plugins to support building and testing virtually any project.

# Downloads
Non-source downloads such as WAR files and several Linux packages can be found on our [Mirrors].

# Source
Our latest and greatest source of Jenkins CI can be found on [GitHub]. Fork us!

# Contributing to Jenkins
Follow [contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

# News and Website
All information about Jenkins CI can be found on our [website]. Follow us on Twitter [@jenkinsci].

# License
Jenkins is **licensed** under the **[MIT License]**. The terms of the license are as follows:

    The MIT License (MIT)

    Copyright (c) 2004 Kohsuke Kawaguchi, Sun Microsystems Inc., and a number of other contributors. 

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
    THE SOFTWARE.

[ButlerImage]: http://jenkins-ci.org/sites/default/files/jenkins_logo.png
[MIT License]: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/raw/master/LICENSE.txt
[Mirrors]: http://mirrors.jenkins-ci.org
[GitHub]: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins
[website]: http://jenkins-ci.org
[@jenkinsci]: http://twitter.com/jenkinsci
[Contributing]: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/contributing
[Extend Jenkins]: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Extend+Jenkins
[wiki]: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org

Commit message:

Added "What to Use Jenkins for and When to Use It"

README.md, after:

[![][ButlerImage]][website] 

# About
In a nutshell, Jenkins CI is the leading open-source continuous integration server. Built with Java, it provides over 1000 plugins to support building and testing virtually any project.

# What to Use Jenkins for and When to Use It

Use Jenkins to automate your development workflow so you can focus on work that matters most. Jenkins is commonly used for:

- Building projects
- Running tests to detect bugs and other issues as soon as they are introduced
- Static code analysis
- Deployment

Execute repetitive tasks, save time, and optimize your development process with Jenkins.

# Downloads
Non-source downloads such as WAR files and several Linux packages can be found on our [Mirrors].

# Source
Our latest and greatest source of Jenkins CI can be found on [GitHub]. Fork us!

# Contributing to Jenkins
Follow [contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

# News and Website
All information about Jenkins CI can be found on our [website]. Follow us on Twitter [@jenkinsci].

# License
Jenkins is **licensed** under the **[MIT License]**. The terms of the license are as follows:

    The MIT License (MIT)

    Copyright (c) 2004 Kohsuke Kawaguchi, Sun Microsystems Inc., and a number of other contributors. 

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
    THE SOFTWARE.

[ButlerImage]: http://jenkins-ci.org/sites/default/files/jenkins_logo.png
[MIT License]: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/raw/master/LICENSE.txt
[Mirrors]: http://mirrors.jenkins-ci.org
[GitHub]: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins
[website]: http://jenkins-ci.org
[@jenkinsci]: http://twitter.com/jenkinsci
[Contributing]: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/contributing
[Extend Jenkins]: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Extend+Jenkins
[wiki]: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org
