h1. Jenkins OSX Installer Project

To create the Jenkins Installer for OSX you need an OSX machine with Developer
Tools installed. You can download the Developer Tools from Apple's Developer
Connection website (http://developer.apple.com)

h3. Build the installer

To build the installer you need to acquire a copy of the jenkins.war. You can
either build it from source using the standard build process, or you can
download a copy from http://mirrors.jenkins-ci.org/war/latest/. If you download
a pre-made jenkins.war, place it in the *war/target* directory in the jenkins
source tree. Otherwise the installer creation process will fail.

Open a terminal, navigate to the *osx* directory in the jenkins source tree and
enter the following commands:
<pre><code>ant build</code></pre>

h3. Some Links

* "Jenkins Site":http://jenkins-ci.org
* "Apple Developer Connection":http://developer.apple.com

h3. MIT License

<pre>
Copyright (C) 2011 by Ingo Richter

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
</pre>